1. add unit tests and integration tests with testcontainers
    1.1. validate everything (user registration duplicate username for example)
2. add hibernate
3. add roles text array field for each user and use roles for role based authorization
4. migrate to Spring WebFlux (with coroutines)
5. customize liquibase
        how to run liquibase if there are multiple instances of a server?

--- at some later point in time
1. add readme file
2. request timeout
3. monitoring
4. deployment - docker (jib)
5. graceful shutdown
6. audit log (check API Security in Action 1.5.4 and chapter 3)
7. rate limiting unauthenticated requests to prevent DoS

---
for test, check also maximum inputs for some (or all) fields to prevent DoS
    for example limit password between 8 and 256 chars

---
if the app calls 3rd party services, we need to log req/res
---
add photos next to tasks in order to have visual aid
    found on "I'll remember" app

---
maybe make it "invite-only", so the admin must invite people in and nobody else can join without the invitation

jenkins has this functionality - "allow users to sign up" in configure security
---
security
    add kid header for key rotation
    it is a common security practice to invalidate all of a user’s existing sessions when they change their password
    RBAC - Role Based Access Control - need to implement this when I get more than one role for user
---
maybe make browser extension or new page like on new tab
make a (flutter) app for notifications
multiple timers (pomodoro), sync on pause and every 5 seconds (/w backend)
journal on habits and tasks, link those like jira links bugs
https://freedom.to/blog/paper-or-digital-planner/?utm_source=email&utm_campaign=nwslttr81
---
for to do, make a list of things to do this week, and on the end "next week" and just put things for next week there.
    Like when you don't know which day next week you're going to do something, just put it there, and on the end of the
    week just put in the corresponding day..
---
https://www.makeuseof.com/productivity-apps-to-make-goals-reality/ copy some of the ideas that fit
---
add swagger/open API